CUDA 11.2 Deprecation v23.12 (#436)
rapidsai/docs: _notices/rsn0035.md

---
layout: notice
parent: RAPIDS Support Notices
grand_parent: RAPIDS Notices
nav_exclude: true
notice_type: rsn
# Update meta-data for notice
notice_id: 35 # should match notice number
notice_pin: true # set to true to pin to notice page
title: "Deprecation Announcement Dropping CUDA 11.2 support in our Docker Images in Release v23.12"
notice_author: RAPIDS Ops
notice_status: In Progress
notice_status_color: yellow
# 'notice_status' and 'notice_status_color' combinations:
#   "Proposal" - "blue"
#   "Completed" - "green"
#   "Review" - "purple"
#   "In Progress" - "yellow"
#   "Closed" - "red"
notice_topic: Platform Support Change
notice_rapids_version: "v23.12"
notice_created: 2023-10-05
# 'notice_updated' should match 'notice_created' until an update is made
notice_updated: 2023-10-05
---

## Overview

> RAPIDS is planning to drop CUDA 11.2 support in our Docker Images in Release `v23.12` release and will remove in its `v24.02` release. `v23.12` will be the last version of RAPIDS to support CUDA 11.12 Docker Images. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RAPIDS is planning to deprecate support for its CUDA 11.2 Docker containers in Release `v23.12`, and to cease publishing CUDA 11.2 Docker containers in the `v24.02` release. `v23.12` will be the last version of RAPIDS to distribute CUDA 11.12 Docker containers. 
```

Reviewer 2: Crucial: I see the typo "11.12" instead of "11.2" several places. I fixed this in the PR title and description, and also edited @aravenel's suggestion above.

## Impact

> Effective RAPIDS `v24.02` release, CUDA 11.12 will be removed from our Docker Images. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Effective RAPIDS `v24.02` release, RAPIDS will cease distribution of CUDA 11.2 Docker containers. Users who still wish to use CUDA 11.2 may continue to use RAPIDS via conda installation.
```
